TECHPUBS-4214: Corrected references to Slingshot documentation (1.6) (#5035)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/managed_rollout.md

## 3. Update managed host Slingshot NIC firmware

> If new Slingshot NIC firmware was provided, refer to the "200Gbps NIC Firmware Management" section of

Reviewer: Kindly verify as I don't see this.

Author: Fixed

> the _HPE Slingshot Installation Guide for CSM_ for details on how to update NIC firmware on managed nodes.

Author: ```suggestion
the _HPE Slingshot Installation Guide for Bare Metal_ for details on how to update NIC firmware on managed nodes.
```
